- [Instructor] Now we're going to see
how our domain objects have changed.
We're using MyId to compare two different branches.
One is the five.N branch, which is the result of migrating
to MongoDB and I'm comparing it to five-begin.
So within the domain package,
we see these files have changed.
Let's dig into the TourPackage.java
and we see that, in gray, things have been removed.
In green, it's new.
We don't use @Entity anymore.
Now we use @Document.
We continue to use @Id,
but now it's using the springframework.data.annotation.Id
instead of javax.persistence.Id.
And we no longer use @Column on the name
because there's no such thing as a column in MongoDB.
Next, let's look at a Tour.
It's a little more complicated here.
So, again, we use @Entity no more.
We now use @Document.
Our @Id is for this ID attribute.
And we don't need @Generated
and we have changed the type of the ID
to a string instead of an integer
because MongoDB cannot generate integers for an ID.
It only generates long strings.
And then for the next attribute, title,
we remove that column and have it at index,
meaning whenever we do searches,
it's going to be faster whenever we do a search by title.
We remove these attributes description, blurb,
price, and duration.
We've added tourPackageCode and index that
and tourPackageName.
This is because we are removing the tourPackage attribute,
which, in JPA, it was one table referencing another table
we use in JPA.
That's not happening here,
so we're actually going to embed these attributes.
Of course there's going to be duplication,
but that's a given for NoSQL databases.
It's just part of life.
And so then we remove this keyword attribute
and now we have a new attribute,
which is a map of string to string, which is details,
which is for an attribute, for example, description,
and then you have the actual text description, blurb, tag.
So any of these attributes before
that we called out individually,
like difficulty, and region, and description, blurb, price,
they're now B key-value pairs in this details,
because they could change.
So of course our constructor has changed.
We're only passing in the title.
A tourPackage attribute will be mapped
to the getCode and getName and then our details.
And then all of our getters and setters will change.
Now because of this change is
the difficulty enumeration has been completely deleted
and the region enumeration is now not useful.
We remove that.
Now let's go into TourRating.
Now, some of the things that changed for TourRating
have to do with the tour now having a string ID,
and we can't do this embedded attributes
to represent a key anymore.
So the TourRatingPk had a tour and a customer ID,
and there, again, we're crossing into a table notion.
We're not doing that anymore, so we, for this object,
we have Spring Data Mongo generate this ID,
so we actually hard code, quote hard code,
we put in the tourId here instead of in the Pk,
and then the customerId, and then, as we had before,
we had the score and the comment.
Something new that you're noticing here is
the validation parameters on the comment
and the score and the customerId are new,
and that's because we no longer need
the TourRating DTO in the controller,
because this object is now simple.
We can actually use this TourRating in our rest controller
when submitting and responding with TourRating information.